sign.:sign.:fork adj normert
sign.:sign.:fork subst appell normert
rek.:rek.:fork adj normert
ult.:ult.:fork prep normert
bet.:bet.:fork adj normert
bot.:bot.:fork adj normert
bot.:bot.:fork subst appell normert
dim.:dim.:fork subst appell normert
eng.:eng.:fork subst appell normert
eng.:eng.:fork adj normert
gram.:gram.:fork adj normert
gram.:gram.:fork subst appell normert
hå.:hå.:fork subst normert
jan.:jan.:fork subst normert
litt.:litt.:fork adj normert
pass.:pass.:fork subst normert
red.:red.:fork subst normert
red.:red.:fork verb perf-part normert
pol.:pol.:fork adj normert
pop.:pop.:fork adj normert
mus.:mus.:fork subst normert
mus.:mus.:fork adj normert
bet.:bet.:fork subst appell normert
da.:da.:fork adj normert
eks.:eks.:fork subst appell normert
man.:man.:fork subst appell mask
mat.:mat.:fork adj normert
mat.:mat.:fork subst appell normert
min.:min.:fork adv normert
jur.:jur.:fork adj. normert
fred.:fred.:fork subst mask appell normert
alm.:alm.:fork adj normert
best.:best.:fork adj normert
et.:et.:fork subst ent ub normert
do.:do.:fork pron normert
gen.:gen.:fork subst appell normert
mask.:mask.:fork subst normert
el.:el.:fork konj normert
dim.:dim.:fork subst normert
lat.:lat.:fork adj normert
lat.:lat.:fork subst appell normert
sen.:sen.:fork subst normert
sr:sen.:fork subst unormert
sr.:sen.:fork subst normert
art.:art.:fork subst normert
tv.:t.v.: fork adv normert
