L:l:symb subst unormert
l:l:symb subst normert
l.:l:symb subst unormert
ml:ml:symb subst normert
mm:mm:symb subst normert
min.:min.:fork subst unormert
g:g:symb subst normert
gr:g:symb subst unormert
gr.:g:symb subst unormert
cm:cm:symb subst normert
cm.:cm:symb subst unormert
kvm:kvm:symb subst normert
kvm.:kvm:symb subst unormert
ccm:ccm:symb subst normert
m2:m2:symb subst normert
m3:m3:symb subst normert
km2:km2:symb subst normert
TW:TW:symb subst normert
VA:VA:symb subst normert
Wb:Wb:symb subst normert
Wh:Wh:symb subst normert
kcal:kcal:symb subst normert
Hz:Hz:symb subst normert
MB:MB:symb subst normert
MHz:MHz:symb subst normert
MV:MV:symb subst normert
MW:MW:symb subst normert
cg:cg:symb subst normert
dl:dl:symb subst normert
dm:dm:symb subst normert
eV:eV:symb subst normert
ha:ha:symb subst normert
kB:kB:symb subst normert
kHz:kHz:symb subst normert
kJ:kJ:symb subst normert
kV:kV:symb subst normert
kW:kW:symb subst normert
kWh:kWh:symb subst normert
mV:mV:symb subst normert
mW:mW:symb subst normert
kp:kp:symb subst normert
kpm:kpm:symb subst normert
dg:dg:symb subst normert
kt:kt:symb subst normert
lm:lm:symb subst normert
kb:kb:symb subst normert
cl:cl:symb subst normert
GB:GB:symb subst normert
GHz:GHz:symb subst normert
GW:GW:symb subst normert
dB:dB:symb subst normert
daa:daa:symb subst normert
hg:hg:symb subst normert
km:km:symb subst normert
km.:km:symb subst unormert
hk:hk:symb subst normert
hl:hl:symb subst normert
mb:mb:symb subst normert
mg:mg:symb subst normert
TWh:TWh:fork subst normert
cal:cal:symb subst normert
gal:gal:symb subst normert
